Is system administration something you've done for free? 
Most of us manage at least a few devices, but that doesn't mean you enjoy it. 
If you've added some extra systems acting as servers on your home network, you're a candidate. 
Did you justify adding a Minecraft server for your kid mostly so that you could have fun setting up a Raspberry Pi server? 
Maybe it's time to consider getting paid to do that sort of work.

你曾经做的一些系统管理是免费的吗？我们大多数人都多多少少的管理一些设备，但是那并不代表你享受它。
如果你曾经在你家的网络中添加了一些服务器，你就是系统管理的候选人。
有些人会为自己的孩子设法添加一个我的世界的服务器，他们会通过树莓派来设置。你是这些人么？
也许是时候来考虑通过做这样的工作来获取报酬了。


System administration as a generalist job offers a particular kind of flexibility. 
System administrators are needed across a wide variety of industries and company sizes. 
Most urban areas have a need for some on-site workers, and remote work is also a strong possibility.

作为一份需要全面只是的工作，系统管理提供了很特别的伸缩性。
各种各样的企业和公司都需要系统管理员。
大多数的市区需要一些现场办公人员，但是远程办公也有很大的可能性。


Anyone can work with open source software for free, 
but as a sysadmin you can also get paid to do it. 
System administrators often contribute to open source projects, 
support open source vendors, and work with a wide variety of interesting and powerful open source software as part of their regular job.

每个人都可以免费的从事开源软件，但是，作为系统管理员，你可以在此同时获得报酬。
系统管理员经常以贡献开源项目，支持开源的供应商，参与各种各样的有趣的强大的开源软件为他们日常的工作。


Last, what about the community? 
I can say from years of experience that it is hard to find a more welcoming, encouraging, friendly, and helpful community. 
Sure, there is the stereotype of the grumpy sysadmin, but I feel that's mostly an outdated joke now. 
Most sysadmins today respond positively to all forms of constructive feedback, particularly when it comes to welcoming newcomers. 
We're almost all keenly aware of our diversity and demographic problems and eager to solve them. 
We are a community of deep and diverse interests. 
Ask a sysadmin what they do outside of work and you are unlikely to be bored.


最后，谈一下社区。
以我多年的经验来看，找到一个更加欢迎的，鼓励的，友好的，有帮助的社区是非常难的。
系统管理员给人的刻板印象就是性情乖戾的，但是我感觉现在这只不过是个过时的笑话。
现在大多数的系统管理员积极的回应所有形式的结构性的反馈，尤其是欢迎新手。
我们总是能敏锐的察觉到多样的入门级别的问题，并且着急去解决它们。我们是一个深度的，有着多种兴趣的社区。
问一下一个系统管理在工作之余都干了些什么，肯定不会无聊。


If you're convinced, first the good news. More than many STEM careers, 
it's possible to transition into system administration without a directly relevant four-year degree. 
In fact, there are relatively few four-year degrees in system administration in the entire world, which helps set expectations. 

As with every white-collar job these days, a degree does help, and the more relevant the better. Unlike many other STEM careers, 
there is a natural entry-level position: the helpdesk.

如果你被说服了，首先有个好消息。
与与许多主流职业相比，从没有直接的相关的 4 年制学位转为系统管理员是可能的。
事实上，全世界的系统管理四年制度相对较少，这有助于预期。
对于现在的白领工作，学位确实有用，而且越相关越好。与其他的主流职业相比，这儿有一个自然的入门级别的职位，帮助台。


The bad news for system administration hopefuls is true for many STEM (and even non-STEM) fields: 
Employers are looking for people with years of experience and advanced degrees, 
even for explicitly entry-level positions. Employers are underpaying. 
Employers aren't investing in training. 
The consolation is that these problems are so prevalent in the job market that you'll be facing them in any job.

系统管理员所希望的坏消息是真的，对于主流或者非主流领域：
雇主在寻找有多年经验的和有高学历的人，甚至是入门级别的位置。雇主是刻薄的。
雇主不会花钱给你培训。
值得欣慰的是，这些问题是非常普遍的，而且是你将会面对的。

System administration can be a starting point for other IT fields, such as network administration, database administration, and site reliability engineering. 
And just a bit further away are software engineering, quality assurance, and IT management.

系统管理可以作为其他 IT 领域的起点。比如：网络管理，数据库管理，网站可靠性工程师，再偏一些的有，软件工程师，质量保证，IT 管理。

Details of the sysadmin job, both the stereotypes and obvious aspects, 
as well as some less obvious things to consider, are topics for future Opensource.com articles. 
We'll also cover some important ways in which the field is likely to change and offer ways to evaluate and compare sysadmin positions and ask powerful questions during interviews.


系统管理的细节，刻板印象和一些明显的方面，还要考虑一些不明显的方面，是未来 Opensource.com 文章的话题。
我们也会涵盖这个领域可能会改变的重要方面，提供一些方法评估和比较系统管理的职位，在面试期间问一些有力的问题。

If you're interested in joining the field, consider joining the League of Professional System Administrators (LOPSA), 
the professional organization on which I serve as a board member. 
Membership is affordable (and may be covered by your employer) and free for students. 
Being a LOPSA member is a fantastic way to meet sysadmins and discuss the career with people at various levels of experience and in a variety of industries and work environments.


如果你对加入这个领域有兴趣，考虑加入专业系统管理者联盟（　LOPSA　），我在这个组织任董事会成员。
会员资格是负担得起的（可能由您的雇主负责），学生免费。
作为LOPSA会员，是满足系统管理员和讨论与各种经验以及各种行业和工作环境中的人员的职业生涯的绝佳方式。










